chore: add detailed steps for mpc node image code inspection during upgrades (#1116)
near/mpc: docs/running_an_mpc_node_in_tdx_external_guide.md

For more information, see [local-key-provider-from-phala](https://github.com/Dstack-TEE/dstack/tree/master/kms#local-key-provider-mode-1).  

##### Setup Instructions

> 1. Follow the [canonical/tdx setup](todo) if not already completed — especially step 9.1–2 (establishing an SGX PCCS: Provisioning Certification Caching Service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [canonical/tdx setup](#1-tdx-bare-metal-server-setup) if not already completed — especially step 9.1–2 (establishing an SGX PCCS: Provisioning Certification Caching Service).```

2. Vote for the new Docker image hash in the contract.  
3. Upgrade the MPC node running in your CVM.

### MPC node Image/code inspection

The following steps allow you to inspect the code that was used to build the docker image.
Let's assume you want to vote for a docker image with tag
[mpc-node-tee:main-5bac07e](https://hub.docker.com/layers/nearone/mpc-node-tee/main-5bac07e/images/sha256-62800a435ef81fad072379e9006cdb51ca83bd7024d7968db75bfa8ecdf64717).

* First, we need to obtain the image hash, which is not the same as the manifest
  hash shown in DockerHub. For that you need to install `docker` and `jq`, and
  have the `docker` daemon running.

```bash
$ docker pull nearone/mpc-node-tee:main-5bac07e
$ docker inspect nearone/mpc-node-tee:main-5bac07e | jq .[0].Id
"sha256:971fb1eddff6d41fc6b8141fc03dce16000c07593e42a41b009da0255f4b007a"
```

* Download the MPC code from this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/near/mpc
cd mpc/
```

* Compile it using the reproduce build script. For this you need to install
  `repro-env` and `docker-buildx`, and have the `docker` daemon
  running.

```bash

> $ ./deployment/build-images.sh

Author: after the git clone the commit used is the last commit in main branch, no need to pass anything as parameter

> $ ./deployment/build-images.sh

Author: unless in the guide they are supposed to use a specific branch or commit, so yeah for consistency I will add a git checkout command there :)

> $ ./deployment/build-images.sh

Author: fixed in [4e211dd](https://github.com/near/mpc/pull/1116/commits/4e211dd492a7619d4201cd76efb3e9480e3e9885)

...

> commit hash: 5bac07e013f3a1e6a373bc706f313aecbfce81d9

Reviewer: what is this commit hash?
is there a relation between the commit hash to the docker image tag?
